Regions and availability zones allow anyone to create worldwide infrastructure with ease.
They also allow for redundancy within your platform.
By properly using these components,
you can create world-class systems in terms of both scale and reach.
Many organizations build an AWS without
a firm understanding of region's and availability zones.
More proficient companies may use availability zones correctly,
but run only in one region.
By understanding and considering multi-region failover,
or running actively in multiple regions,
it'll be well on your way to creating an advanced platform on AWS.
[inaudible] AWS region's and availability zones,
you can create a truly global platform.
You can compete with any other company or service
in terms of scale, distribution, and performance.
Many big-name companies are built on AWS.